OWAPS- Open Web Application Security Project
Every 4 years, they release some security measures you can take or some issues most applications have.
Dependencies
-Spring web(cos the application is a web application)
-dev tool(to enable live reload)
-mySql driver(using sql database to store data)
-spring security

steps
Once we have spring security in our dependency, it automatically gives us a login form.
username = user
password = The generated password when we start the application on the console.
Once you login, it saves us the logic of maintaining the session.
Once you go to localhost:8080/logout, it also logs the user out.
we can set the username and password in the application.properties.

normally
when a client sends a request, the controller receives the request and sends a response.
But with spring security, the client sends a request and spring security intercepts it.
spring security invokes the servlets (filters that run behind the scenes) and they are a chain of filters.
so from the filter chain to the front controller(dispatcher servlet) and then to our created controller.
The response too goes from our controller, through the filter chain and back to the client.

To check the session Id on our chrome browser,
queryparameter = what you are sending = login details = login
: at the side of the browser, developer tools, networks tap, cookies, JSESSIONID
everytime you login, the "JSESSIONID" changes
if you delete your cookies, you will be loggedout automatically

To change the username and password, go to the application.properties
spring.security.user.name=
spring.security.user.password=

CSRF-Cross-Site Request Forgery(another site accessing your session id and using it on your behalf)
since we are applying security,
once a client(browser, postman etc) sends a request for the very first time, you have to login
if you do not login, you wont have access.
once you login, you receive a sessionID....meaning the client now has an id used to identify them whenever they go to the url.
By default spring security stops csfr
by default spring security allows get request when you have a session Id
but it does not allow post, put, delete

CSRF token
We need this token when ever we are changing something(PUT, Post, delete)
how to add CSRF token
go the the header and add the key = X-CSRF-TOKEN and the value =



